I realized our timeline is not as far along as it needs to be. Please insert a couple of days (extending our multi-day stretches by 1 or 2 - i think we have 2 distinct stretech - so do them by 1 and 2 days each).

So our next chapter will pick up 6 Days later - which should be by my math the 24th conjunction day - on the 27th. Let's go ahead an add the conjunction day as well to our chapter and subchapter headings. 

By the way, let's make the heading - you know - headings. 


it'll be around 3:00 or 4:00 4:00 in the afternoon and everybody is all dressed and they're Barnaby outfits. They're fancy adventuring gear that may had made for them and they're all geared up. They all have consumables like potions and poisons and Valerie agents. They're doing an inventory check around to make sure everybody has everything to. 

* Addie: her blue robes for best lunar focus and her moon staff
* Gregory: white/gold priest robes; his scepter and prayer beads
* Brynn: has a long bow and short sword; mix of chain mail / leather studded
* Tallandra: her wing is finally healed up so she has the splint off so she's back to her sword and shield wearing Concord Major plate. Brynn
* Carrio: has decided to go as a brawler so only has his fists bandaged up
* Matt: Has his mix of gadgets and potions/spell reagants and totems ready to go
* Mae: Dressed in full leather w/ cape for stealthy stabbings - her glaive and kris on her belt like normal
* Yuri: plate armor, blacked iron with silver trim, has a a two-handed broadsword
* Brickett: has a staff but it's a non-magic staff, just a gnarled piece of wood
* Rhun: has a crossbow but also has brought his "smaller" per - a hellhound - fierce red eyes, about the size of a great Dane - he is wearing his normal metallic chainmail made of titanium